Wowa
May 10 in the Central Election with voter's day from voter's day
This week, the election will be held this year.
What is it with 4 hair ?
So I dig it up and take it off tc something more.
These days, it is pushing all the mistakes I grew up being what it stable body sweltering night too
Ranikka geureongeo not givin me not to want to LA
Frankly, it looks like you forgot how the news studio also gamulgamul
On top of that, you have a rice co-op.
It is evening news day to put on this time when it is open.
I was watching a script in the memory of voter's day.
From the Director
New Progression gives you a chance .
I'm a little mystery.
Anyway , when you go to the theater, you do not have the same human feeling announcer at all
She told me how to art.
The announcer established the state .
Congratulations on the truth.
It's a joke. Look at this in the grave.
Congratulations on 103rd and the news is a joke.
So keep drinking above to be paid still not going to school. What then
When you reach the commissioner determines saw direct elections Pearl
You do not need to see it because you do not have the Holy Land .
Anyway, let's prepare hard Come greet it caught him a new visitor
Drill president and everyone knows what I'll show my skills once well as proceeds gift
I'll be ready .
Vonage did not result in obvious you dont mana taps personnel and thinking
So dance.
Ah
Two or more.
Alba is this mans the kitchen table antakkapgo
Alba Alba 2
What the hell am I supposed to do with it?
Customers also do not react to how this is going to be a great foundation to make this pastel makbo
impression
You go to the kitchen.
Three of our palaces Nepa
It 's the best in my house. Yeah . I'm fine.
It's the first face I've ever seen.
Then my name is not got to fight. Pepper player ticket.
there is
Example 4 sleep in a friend's wife is going to come as the broadcast server is available Oh Yeah
Then try it.
Oh, long time since I'll have more time to clean only bread
I'm not proud of it, but only my house is really delicious.
If you have a nice computer, you have an autonomy.
Well yeah yeah So I could not give a little introduction to LA About
Anchovies were born radio was radio
So, it is said that the tsu saved Yeosu Newzen this time.
Who is it? No, everyone will be uncomfortable.
Rumor has it that you are pushing Yujin's line Death You know something wrong
I think so.
Chief're a senior bogetdago progress u ssangran not going yet decided
What they say and frankly it proceeds senior Having nadeutyi News
I do not know what to do, but just to be honest,
Is it
If you catch a line, then you mean la.
I do not keep it with you.
Well, yes.
I think this is gonna throw the opportunities and life, for example, you do not know
Broadcast Nishi terminator now getnya did like that Annex 29 Life Tuesday
Now it looks like Eugene's 3 is at the announcer's station .